Improve the `repl` tag (#2736)
python-discord/bot: bot/resources/tags/repl.md

embed:
    title: "Read-Eval-Print Loop (REPL)"
---
A REPL is an interactive shell where you can execute individual lines of code one at a time, like so:

> ```python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python-repl
```
This allows you to trim the whitespace from the `...` and `>>>` lines, while retaining the highlighting.

>>> x = 5
>>> x + 2
7
>>> for i in range(3):
...     print(i)
... 
0
1
2
>>> 
```

> To enter the REPL, run `python` in the command line without any arguments. The `>>>` or `...` at the start of some lines is the code input, and it indicates that you are in the Python REPL. Any other lines show the output of the code.

Reviewer 2: > The `>>>` or `...` at the start of some lines is the code input, and it indicates that you are in the Python REPL.

This sentence feels a bit clunky, maybe this would be better:
```suggestion
To enter the REPL, run `python` in the command line without any arguments. The `>>>` or `...` at the start of some lines are prompts to enter code, and indicate that you are in the Python REPL. Any other lines show the output of the code.
```

> To enter the REPL, run `python` in the command line without any arguments. The `>>>` or `...` at the start of some lines are prompts to enter code, and indicate that you are in the Python REPL. Any other lines show the output of the code.

Author: ```suggestion
To enter the REPL, run `python` (`py` on Windows) in the command line without any arguments. The `>>>` or `...` at the start of some lines are prompts to enter code, and indicate that you are in the Python REPL. Any other lines show the output of the code.
```
Suggested by MoyenChat in [#community-meta](https://discord.com/channels/267624335836053506/429409067623251969/1146794080861425725)
